yoga day is actually to make people
realize that we can and we have the
ability to control our thought process
and to be fit because once you are fit
then only you can achieve that State of
Union and can experience that State of
Consciousness it has done very
significant things for yoga I would say
never before in the history of humanity
this many people were practicing yoga on
this planet and there are many who may
not be practicing at least they have
heard about it there is an aspiration
that one day they would like to start it
last year it was more
inspirational the way everything was
conducted this year is more towards
taking them towards an actual practice
yoga is a technology you just have to
learn to use it it's got nothing to do
with any religion culture or nationality
or
ethnicity